update image of obsoleted term example (#242)
OBOAcademy/obook: docs/howto/obsolete-term.md

> 6. Your obsolete term should now be stripped of its logical axioms and should look like the figure below. 

Author: ```suggestion
6. Your obsolete term should now be stripped of its logical axioms and should look similar to the figure below. 
```
